<h2>Papers by Kristin Majetta:</h2>
<p>
<b>Title:</b> <i> Investigation of the Influence of Controller Approaches on Room Thermal Behaviour  A Simulation Study </i> <br />
<b>Authors:</b> <a href="../authors/author_168.html">Kristin Majetta</a>, <a href="../authors/author_45.html">Christoph Clauss</a> and <a href="../authors/author_201.html">Christoph Nytsch-Geusen</a><br />
<b>Abstract:</b>To control the room temperature normally special developed and adapted controllers are used. This development is both time-consuming and expensive. Therefore, this paper shows the first steps to achieve the goal of developing a methodology to provide rules and guidelines for typical use cases of those controllers with regard to given rooms and their installed HVAC technology. Thereby it should be possible to choose suitable controllers for a wide range of rooms without the necessity of an expensive development process. To achieve this goal a simulation study will be performed. This paper presents first steps of this investigation. This includes the choice development of four different, representative room models as well as five controller models of important controller types. Simulations of well defined scenarios analyze the eligibility of the controller models regarding net energy consumption and comfort. First optimization results to improve the quality of the controllers are shown and further steps are explained.<br />
<b>Links:</b> <a href="../submissions/ecp17132161_MajettaClaussNytschgeusen.pdf">Full paper</a></p>
<hr />
<p>
<b>Title:</b> <i> Application of Richardson Extrapolation to the Co-Simulation of FMUs from Building Simulation </i> <br />
<b>Authors:</b> <a href="../authors/author_45.html">Christoph Clauss</a>, <a href="../authors/author_168.html">Kristin Majetta</a> and <a href="../authors/author_180.html">Richard Meyer</a><br />
<b>Abstract:</b>The application of the FMI technology gains ground in building simulation. As far as specialized tools support the FMI simulator coupling becomes an important option to simulate complex building models. Co-simulation needs a master algorithm which controls the communication time steps as well as the signal exchange between FMUs. Often a constant communication step size is applied chosen by the user. The Richardson extrapolation approach allows variable master step sizes. An extension of this approach is presented, and the method is applied to both academic test examples as well as examples of building simulation which co-simulate FMUs from NANDRAD and SimulationX. Richardson extrapolation turns out to guarantee finding an appropriate step size at the prize of downgraded performance.<br />
<b>Links:</b> <a href="../submissions/ecp1713279_ClaussMajettaMeyer.pdf">Full paper</a></p>