<h2>Papers by Yutaka Hirano:</h2>
<p>
<b>Title:</b> <i> Development of an Integrated Control of Front Steering and Torque Vectoring Differential Gear System Using Modelica </i> <br />
<b>Authors:</b> <a href="../authors/author_111.html">Yutaka Hirano</a><br />
<b>Abstract:</b>To achieve future low carbon mobility society, many new-type electric vehicles (EVs) are developed actively in recent period. Those EVs have integrated power unit which take place of conventional engine, transmission and differential gear components. Additionally it is rather easy to integrate torque vectoring function to those power units using gear sets to control torque distribution between left wheel and right wheel. In this paper, model-based development of an integrated control of the front steering angle and torque vectoring differential (TVD) gear system is described. New integrated control logic was developed using model matching control to let the vehicle yaw rate and vehicle slip angle follow the desired dynamics. Simulation results using a single track model of vehicle dynamics are shown to prove the efficacy of the proposed control. Though, full vehicle model considering all of vehicle dynamics and drive train motion using Modelica clarified the problem of this method in actual cases. Difference between single track model and full vehicle model was compared to estimate the reason of the problem<br />
<b>Links:</b> <a href="../submissions/ecp1713217_Hirano.pdf">Full paper</a></p>
<hr />
<p>
<b>Title:</b> <i> Model Based Design of a Split Carrier Wheel Suspension for Light-weight Vehicles </i> <br />
<b>Authors:</b> <a href="../authors/author_277.html">Jakub Tobolar</a>, <a href="../authors/author_19.html">Daniel Baumgartner</a>, <a href="../authors/author_111.html">Yutaka Hirano</a>, <a href="../authors/author_38.html">Tilman Bünte</a>, <a href="../authors/author_72.html">Michael Fleps-Dezasse</a> and <a href="../authors/author_34.html">Jonathan Brembeck</a><br />
<b>Abstract:</b>Applying light-weight construction methods to the design of future electric vehicles results in weight reduction of both the vehicle body and the chassis. However, the potential for percental reduction of the sprung mass is larger compared to that of the un¬sprung mass. Consequently, unfavorable consequences on the compromise, which always needs to be found between road contact and road holding, can arise. This requires additional arrangements in order to reach the performance of a state-of-the-art conventional vehicle. This paper presents a possible design solution. The wheel carrier is split into two parts, thus enabling to tune the frequency response correspondingly to reference vehicles. Besides the technical solution the Modelica modeling of the proposed suspension system as well as a vehicle dynamics and ride comfort assessment are presented.<br />
<b>Links:</b> <a href="../submissions/ecp17132425_TobolarBaumgartnerHiranoBunteFlepsdezasseBrembeck.pdf">Full paper</a></p>