<h2>Papers by Alachew Mengist:</h2>
<p>
<b>Title:</b> <i> Traceability Support in OpenModelica Using Open Services for Lifecycle Collaboration (OSLC) </i> <br />
<b>Authors:</b> <a href="../authors/author_177.html">Alachew Mengist</a>, <a href="../authors/author_221.html">Adrian Pop</a>, <a href="../authors/author_8.html">Adeel Asghar</a> and <a href="../authors/author_76.html">Peter Fritzson</a><br />
<b>Abstract:</b>A common situation in industry is that a system model is composed of several sub-models which may have been developed using different tools. The quality and effectiveness of large scale system modeling heavily depends on the underlying tools used for different phases of the development lifecycle. Available modeling and simulation tools support different operations on models, such as model creation, model simulation, FMU export, model checking, and code generation. Seamless tracing of the requirements and associating them with the models and the simulation results in the context of different modeling tools is becoming increasingly important. This can be used to support several activities such as impact analysis, component reuse, verification, and validation. However, due to the lack of interoperability between tools it is often difficult to use such tools in combination. Recently, the OSLC specification has emerged for integrating different lifecycle tools using linked data. In this paper we present new work on traceability support in OpenModelica where the traceability information is exchanged with other lifecycle tools through a standardized interface and format using OSLC. In particular, OpenModelica supports automatic recording and tracing of modeling activities such as creation, modification, and destruction of models, import model description XML, export of FMUs, and creation of simulation results.<br />
<b>Links:</b> <a href="../submissions/ecp17132823_MengistPopAsgharFritzson.pdf">Full paper</a></p>