<h2>Papers by Shashank Swaminathan:</h2>
<p>
<b>Title:</b> <i> Musculoskeletal Modeling of the Hand and Contact Object in Modelica </i> <br />
<b>Authors:</b> <a href="../authors/author_262.html">Shashank Swaminathan</a> and <a href="../authors/author_6.html">Johan Andreasson</a><br />
<b>Abstract:</b>The paper's primary goal is to develop a mathematical
model that could be used towards the development and
improvement of orthotic assist gloves. The model is
constructed using component based modeling in the
object-oriented declarative language Modelica,
specifically the MultiBody Modelica library. Multiple
hand models currently do exist; however, they are
mainly causal, and require separate development and
validation of mathematical solvers before use. By using
Modelica, the model is constructed from the system’s
physical equations, thereby relieving issues regarding
validity of the model’s computational equations; the
acausality inherent in Modelica allows for more model
development that more closely mirrors relations in the
physical world. The model is scoped to be able to model
the kinematics and dynamics of the hand when grasping
a spherical object – both bone structure and muscle
geometry and actuation are simplifications based off
anatomy literature. The contact model is developed as a
separate component from the hand system. The main
design goal of the contact model is to represent the
characteristics of a relatively rigid object that still
maintains a degree of friction and pliability on the
surface layer.
The main two grasps tested in the paper are the
prehensile and precision grasps (powerful and dexterous
grasps). The muscle actuation profiles per each finger
are adjusted until the desired dynamic profile is
achieved for each type of grasp. The main data points of
interests are the joint angles and contact forces for each
finger. Further validation of the model is done using the
animation automatically generated by the tool. Testing
results indicate that the model can successfully simulate
contractions at all levels of abstraction of the hand’s
components (basic bone-joint components, finger
components, and the overall hand system). The results
also indicate that both prehensile and precision grasps
are possible, given appropriate muscle actuation and
finger orientation parameter values.<br />
<b>Links:</b> <a href="../submissions/ecp17132745_SwaminathanAndreasson.pdf">Full paper</a></p>